Yo Buddy This is a Update in the whole we bI am Writing this after the Completing the project and thinking ideas for 3 hours.
 
                   These are in short form


What to update :-
1st Page Desgin:
Hey! Didi, So its Finally Raksha Bandhan, Wishing, A Line Paragraph (Here i will write a 4 lines "It iwill be in the Type wriiter effect")

2nd Page:
Here are some yours Pictures

3rd Page:
What you know about me 

4th Page:
Letter Long Paragraph

5th Footer Page end with a Quote, Like that the currect in the web, it is also good.

      Now here are Explanation how it worked.

Now listen the whole web will be like a Video but web will be resopense able
Everthing will be Automated and Auto Scroll Feature
I am Obssed with Type writter effect(i dont know why but i love that effect)

The link i will send her of the web, When she will click on the link to open the web.

- The Heart Loading animation then automatically first page will open writing content, in type writter effect.

- When 1st page complete it will automatically scrolls to the 2nd page and "all the imagese will be already blured like a locked image" they will now unblured one by one also the word written under the image.(Like type writter effect).

- One by one image unlock and web will slowly scrolls

- After 2nd page, Now its auto scroll to the 3rd page at the auto scroll stop at 3rd page beacuse there will be 3 question that she had to answer.

- Then she will answer of those 3 questions, she need to answer because to unlock the Letter, its compulsary to answer the question. Question Like MCQ, Just only to Choose, when she choose all 3 MCQ answer then down side of those 3 question there will be a button that submit your answer, when she submit, then load a result like pop up and write you score 3 out of 3, click ont the button SURPRISE, when she click transfer her to Letter Page.

- Now when she Click on the SURPRISE button, the auto scroll start again and scroll slowly to the Letter page and letter page Containt which i will provide letter, will automatically start appearing like type writter effect, maybe it will be a big paragraph because it is a letter.

Listen Dont start anything to change or work, before discussing with me properly and after conformation you have to start.
